hey everybody Chad Bill with Rocky
Mountain athlete calm coming to you from
Southern Illinois first evening sit sat
quite late this morning had a lot of
activity the Bucks were really really
chasing it does a lot of grunt and a lot
of actually saw some doze get bread it
saw some shooters just not close enough
but first they even it up in the tree
and I want to come with some info about
my gear setup for this evening temps are
gonna drop down into low 30s maybe the
upper 20s so on my base layers I've got
the Marino bottoms in a zip T top good
for keeping the odor down the natural
odor resistor and it's also a great
insulator to keep your body warm mid
layers good insulation piece I've got
the Traverse 70 and the Traverse bottoms
the tops got the extended sleeves with
the thumb loops so you can keep that
heat trapped inside at the sleeves it
doesn't exit out and other zip tees zips
all the way up underneath your chin so
it keeps that heat inside as well once
you get up in the tree and get settled
in and from my outer shell I'll be
wearing the fnatic gear fanatic jacket
is lined with Primaloft insulation which
is an outstanding insulator keeps you
very warm when temperatures get down
real low and you're sitting still up in
a tree you can tend to get a little
chilly Primaloft in the bottoms as well
and the bibs and then it also is lined
with wind stopper great fabric that they
lie inside of this piece of gear to stop
the wind and it's going to probably be
eight to ten mile an hour winds this
evening so not too bad but anytime you
can keep that wind off of you
it is nothing nothing like it especially
when you're sitting still and you're not
walking and on the top I'll grab my
Stratus hat on which is also lined with
wind stopper just a little thicker layer
of beanie to keep your head warm
keep that wind off of your head and keep
the warmth inside and also got on my
shooter gloves
a little teeny leavening setup or gun
out and said got a great poem or not
leather good grip it's kind of tacky so
when you grab a hold of a Colt gun or a
Colt bow your hand doesn't get cold but
it grips it and then the mesh back and
lets them breathe a little bit so your
hands they can get hot and sweaty so
looking forward to checking y'all back
in a little later and hopefully we got
something on the ground and if you want
to check out my entire gear setup go to
Sitka gear.com
I look forward to seeing you soon